docs: Improve documentation (#289)
ansys/pre-commit-hooks: doc/source/contribute/add-hook.rst

.. title:: Creating pre-commit hooks

Creating a pre-commit hook
==========================

1. Create a Python file in the `src/ansys/pre_commit_hooks <https://github.com/ansys/pre-commit-hooks/tree/main/src/ansys/pre_commit_hooks>`_
   directory. For example, ``new_hook.py``, with a main function:

   .. code:: python

      def main():
          print("New hook!")
          return 0

      if __name__ == "__main__":
          main()

   .. note::

      The ``main`` function of the hook must return a non-zero exit code if the hook fails. For the
      hooks in the Ansys Pre-Commit Hooks repository, the exit code is set to 1 if the hook fails
      and 0 if the hook passes.

2. Create a Python file to test the hook in the `tests <https://github.com/ansys/pre-commit-hooks/tree/main/tests>`_
   directory. For example, ``test_new_hook.py``.

3. Add the hook to the ``.pre-commit-hooks.yaml`` file:

   .. code:: yaml

      - id: "new-hook"
        name: "New Hook"
        description: "A new pre-commit hook for the Ansys Pre-Commit Hooks repository"
        entry: new-hook
        language: python

>    Additional information about the hook can be added to the ``.pre-commit-hooks.yaml`` file, such as the
>    ``files``, ``requires-serial``, or ``pass_filenames`` fields. See the
>    `pre-commit documentation <https://pre-commit.com/#creating-new-hooks>`_ for more information
>    on the available fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In the ``.pre-commit-hooks.yaml`` file, you can include additional information about the hook in the
   ``files``, ``requires-serial``, and``pass_filenames`` fields. For more information, see the
   `Creating new hooks <https://pre-commit.com/#creating-new-hooks>`_ in the `pre-commit` documentation.
```
You always want to put the "why" for visiting a site first and then use the title of the page or topic that you are directed to as the link display text. If that page or topic is external to the current documentation, you indicate its location.

4. Add the hook to the ``entry_points`` dictionary in the ``setup.py`` file:

   .. code:: python

      entry_points = {
          "console_scripts": [
              "new-hook = ansys.pre_commit_hooks.new_hook:main",
          ],
      },

5. After adding code to the pre-commit hook file, for example, ``new_hook.py``, add the hook's
   required dependencies to the ``pyproject.toml`` and ``setup.py`` files if they are not already
   there:

>    In the ``pyproject.toml`` file, add the dependency in the ``requires`` list under the

Reviewer: Nice breakout. It is clear and easy to read.
